---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "AWS Appflow Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AWS provider for Appflow, introducing several improvements compared to the official AWS provider by Hashicorp.
  Use this provider with SAP OData and S3 connectors.
---

# AWS Appflow Provider





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_key` (String) The access key for API operations. You can retrieve this
from the 'Security & Credentials' section of the AWS console.
- `allowed_account_ids` (Set of String)
- `assume_role` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--assume_role))
- `assume_role_with_web_identity` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--assume_role_with_web_identity))
- `custom_ca_bundle` (String) File containing custom root and intermediate certificates. Can also be configured using the `AWS_CA_BUNDLE` environment variable. (Setting `ca_bundle` in the shared config file is not supported.)
- `default_tags` (Block List) Configuration block with settings to default resource tags across all resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_tags))
- `ec2_metadata_service_endpoint` (String) Address of the EC2 metadata service endpoint to use. Can also be configured using the `AWS_EC2_METADATA_SERVICE_ENDPOINT` environment variable.
- `ec2_metadata_service_endpoint_mode` (String) Protocol to use with EC2 metadata service endpoint.Valid values are `IPv4` and `IPv6`. Can also be configured using the `AWS_EC2_METADATA_SERVICE_ENDPOINT_MODE` environment variable.
- `endpoints` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--endpoints))
- `forbidden_account_ids` (Set of String)
- `http_proxy` (String) The address of an HTTP proxy to use when accessing the AWS API. Can also be configured using the `HTTP_PROXY` or `HTTPS_PROXY` environment variables.
- `ignore_tags` (Block List) Configuration block with settings to ignore resource tags across all resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ignore_tags))
- `insecure` (Boolean) Explicitly allow the provider to perform "insecure" SSL requests. If omitted, default value is `false`
- `max_retries` (Number) The maximum number of times an AWS API request is
being executed. If the API request still fails, an error is
thrown.
- `profile` (String) The profile for API operations. If not set, the default profile
created with `aws configure` will be used.
- `region` (String) The region where AWS operations will take place. Examples
are eu-west-1, il-central-1, etc.
- `retry_mode` (String) Specifies how retries are attempted. Valid values are `standard` and `adaptive`. Can also be configured using the `AWS_RETRY_MODE` environment variable.
- `s3_eu_west_1_regional_endpoint` (String) Specifies whether S3 API calls in the `eu-west-1` region use the legacy global endpoint or a regional endpoint. Valid values are `legacy` or `regional`. Can also be configured using the `AWS_S3_eu_west_1_REGIONAL_ENDPOINT` environment variable or the `s3_eu_west_1_regional_endpoint` shared config file parameter
- `s3_use_path_style` (Boolean) Set this to true to enable the request to use path-style addressing,
i.e., https://s3.amazonaws.com/BUCKET/KEY. By default, the S3 client will
use virtual hosted bucket addressing when possible
(https://BUCKET.s3.amazonaws.com/KEY). Specific to the Amazon S3 service.
- `secret_key` (String) The secret key for API operations. You can retrieve this
from the 'Security & Credentials' section of the AWS console.
- `shared_config_files` (List of String) List of paths to shared config files. If not set, defaults to [~/.aws/config].
- `shared_credentials_files` (List of String) List of paths to shared credentials files. If not set, defaults to [~/.aws/credentials].
- `skip_credentials_validation` (Boolean) Skip the credentials validation via STS API. Used for AWS API implementations that do not have STS available/implemented.
- `skip_metadata_api_check` (String) Skip the AWS Metadata API check. Used for AWS API implementations that do not have a metadata api endpoint.
- `skip_region_validation` (Boolean) Skip static validation of region name. Used by users of alternative AWS-like APIs or users w/ access to regions that are not public (yet).
- `skip_requesting_account_id` (Boolean) Skip requesting the account ID. Used for AWS API implementations that do not have IAM/STS API and/or metadata API.
- `sts_region` (String) The region where AWS STS operations will take place. Examples
are eu-west-1 and il-central-1.
- `token` (String) session token. A session token is only required if you are
using temporary security credentials.
- `use_dualstack_endpoint` (Boolean) Resolve an endpoint with DualStack capability
- `use_fips_endpoint` (Boolean) Resolve an endpoint with FIPS capability

<a id="nestedblock--assume_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assume_role`

Optional:

- `duration` (String) The duration, between 15 minutes and 12 hours, of the role session. Valid time units are ns, us (or µs), ms, s, h, or m.
- `external_id` (String) A unique identifier that might be required when you assume a role in another account.
- `policy` (String) IAM Policy JSON describing further restricting permissions for the IAM Role being assumed.
- `policy_arns` (Set of String) Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of IAM Policies describing further restricting permissions for the IAM Role being assumed.
- `role_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an IAM Role to assume prior to making API calls.
- `session_name` (String) An identifier for the assumed role session.
- `source_identity` (String) Source identity specified by the principal assuming the role.
- `tags` (Map of String) Assume role session tags.
- `transitive_tag_keys` (Set of String) Assume role session tag keys to pass to any subsequent sessions.


<a id="nestedblock--assume_role_with_web_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assume_role_with_web_identity`

Optional:

- `duration` (String) The duration, between 15 minutes and 12 hours, of the role session. Valid time units are ns, us (or µs), ms, s, h, or m.
- `policy` (String) IAM Policy JSON describing further restricting permissions for the IAM Role being assumed.
- `policy_arns` (Set of String) Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of IAM Policies describing further restricting permissions for the IAM Role being assumed.
- `role_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of an IAM Role to assume prior to making API calls.
- `session_name` (String) An identifier for the assumed role session.
- `web_identity_token` (String)
- `web_identity_token_file` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--default_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_tags`

Optional:

- `tags` (Map of String) Resource tags to default across all resources


<a id="nestedblock--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Optional:

- `appflow` (String) Use this to override the default service endpoint URL


<a id="nestedblock--ignore_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ignore_tags`

Optional:

- `key_prefixes` (Set of String) Resource tag key prefixes to ignore across all resources.
- `keys` (Set of String) Resource tag keys to ignore across all resources.
